Lab 6
Part A

1. I structured my transmit function using a very simple mechanism aimed for
   debugging efficiency. I used global variables to store the memory for the
   Transmit Descriptors and their respective buffers. Although I feel that
   mapping pages would be a cleaner solution, I wanted to keep the mechanisms
   as simple as possible to ensure that any problem would be easy to trace.

   My first design decision was to make an e1000 variable in much the same way
   that the lapic variable was used. It is set to the return value of my
   mmio allocation function. In the kern/e1000.h file, I made sure that all of
   the memory addresses for the accessbile registers were divided by 4, so that
   I could use them to index into my e1000 uint32_t array.

   Getting further into it, I decided to have 64 Transmit Descriptors just
   because that is what the spec said that maximum number should be, and the
   more I have the more efficient my network might be.

   After initializing the registers in E1000 just as the Intel manual says to in
   Section 14.5, I make my circular queue of descriptors work by initially
   setting their E1000_TDESC_STATUS_DD bit, ensuring that they will be writable.
   If we come around the buffer and hit a untransmitted descriptor, the function
   simply returns a new error value I made. The system call is just a thin
   wrapper around this functionality, and is meant to be called in a loop that
   will keep trying until the transmit succeeds.

2. I structured my receive implementation by having a system call that
   immediately failed if the buffer was empty. The proper calling convention
   then is to call it in a while loop (which, of course, will block if there's
   nothing on the wire) and will return a success/failure value, as well as
   the length of the packet that was received.

   Although this is obviously not an ideal configuration, it follows the
   standard that IPC send/receive started in Lab 4. If you aren't able to
   receive something, your user program blocks forever.

3. The page served by JOS says

   This file came from JOS.
   Cheesy web page!

   I think most modern browsers have stopped supporting the blink tag (sorry,
   Geocities), but this is indeed a cheesy webpage that fits into one ethernet
   packet!

4. Around 25 hours.

   This lab was real hell for me, mainly because I started late and never asked
   any questions. Things like the grading script update, the fact that python
   writes udp packets faster than JOS can read them (what a pain that was to
   debug), and a spuriously-working MAC address detection all lead to this being
   needlessly painful. But it's over! Hooray!
